Debulleting the Porch - Guides pages (#557)
nephio-project/porch: docs/content/en/docs/4_tutorials_and_how-tos/working_with_package_revisions/creating-packages.md

  --description="My first Porch package"
```

> This command creates a new PackageRevision named `my-first-package` and places it in the `porch-test` repository, using `v1` as the workspace name (must be unique within this package). The PackageRevision starts in `Draft` lifecycle state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a new package named `my-first-package` in the `porch-test` repository, initializing a PackageRevision with the workspace name of `v1` (this must be unique within this package). The PackageRevision starts in `Draft` lifecycle state.
```

porchctl rpkg pull porch-test.my-first-package.v1 ./my-first-package --namespace default
```

> This command fetches all resources from the PackageRevision and saves them to the `./my-first-package` directory. This includes the Kptfile and any other resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command fetches all resources from the PackageRevision and saves them to the `./my-first-package` directory. This includes the Kptfile and all other resources.
```

![Diagram](/static/images/porch/guides/pull-workflow.drawio.svg)

Explore the package revision contents:

```bash
ls -al ./my-first-package
```

> You should see the `Kptfile`, which contains PackageRevision metadata and pipeline configuration, as well as other YAML files, if any were created.

Reviewer: I think the Kptfile contains _package_ metadata and `.KptRevisionMetadata` contains the _PackageRevision_ metadata.

Author: updated as per our discussion

        namespace: production
```

> This command adds a `set-namespace` function to the pipeline. This function will set the namespace to `production` for all resources. The functions are not rendered until the package is "pushed" to porch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This edit adds a `set-namespace` function to the pipeline. This function will set the namespace to `production` for all resources. The functions are not rendered until the package is "pushed" to Porch.
```

porchctl rpkg push porch-test.my-first-package.v1 ./my-first-package --namespace default
```

This command updates the PackageRevision in Porch and triggers rendering (executes pipeline functions). The PackageRevision remains in `Draft` state.

![Diagram](/static/images/porch/guides/push-workflow.drawio.svg)

> Successful output should look like a following. This describes how the KRM function was run by porch and has updated the namespace in our new configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful output should look like a following. This describes how the KRM function was run by Porch and has updated the namespace in our new configmap.
```
